well I figured since I just got my 1976
cj7 Levi's renegade bat running
yesterday with a nice new rebuilt motor
craft 2100 two-barrel carburetor so that
now it doesn't smoke no more and
actually runs good I might as well make
another video we welded the exhaust
system back up so that quite as loud as
it was in the original video but hey I
don't care got that nice 304 v8
quadra-trac transfer case automatic
transmission lots of rust holes lots
more rust holes and dense I've got a
hard top for it it's over dere right
dere anybody wants to buy it it's for
sale the hardtop not the Jeep as you can
see it's been hit before I've got a new
taillight sitting in the house I just
got to put on it like that i bought it
you can see this floor it's got a good
bit of rot in it but i'll just call
those drain holes anyway now i figure
i'll try a cold start of this thing i'm
not sure how well it will start cold
with this new carburetor i don't know
how well the choke works we tried it one
time before it took a long time but
that's because it was brand new never
had any gas run through it so figure to
try it as well Oh three pumps I guess
fired right up that go that's why
not like I got something rubbing up
there what is that noise dang same ol
pressure gauge is kind of screwed up
well once this thing warms up a little
bit i figure i'll probably get out take
a video of the engine it's kind of hard
it actually had the catalytic converter
with you of course there you can see the
automatic transmission original AMC jeep
radio
I wish it will work I think it's just
not wired up so you see there the floor
is always automatic got no knockouts for
a any other kind of transfer case or
transmission sticks so that's the way it
come from the factory 60 9250 7.7 miles
guessing that's 169,000 and if we look
in the glove box here where's my
quadra-trac it's electric
and it's light bulbs that we're already
in yourself
and if you look I've still got all my
emblems
the glove box which is kind of
surprising judging by how the rest of
the GP is in shape
he's got a hot Idol but as soon as I put
it drop it back down into gear got a
real low odd
30 for VA got the original manifolds on
it
because it's crappy
Thank You carburetor
well correctly up take you for a drive
need to wash it again to set the shop
and got dusty
sea battles it right down when I put it
in gear so Fuji
put it down in the first here for our
riding around good power steering
doesn't even wind or nothing
poor bats got a falling down the floors
have been replaced in the front that's
what needs replacing now that will
happen one day
I'm going to get a dash pad for to know
a guy that's got one that he said he'd
sell me and it's that spice tan color
just like my seats and my rope for our
pad this is definitely the original
paint here is my body
right now probably stop it up here in
the house deserve my dad no